hr_employee_ppe/README.rst, before:

==============================================
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Management
==============================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhr-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/hr/tree/13.0/hr_employee_ppe
    :alt: OCA/hr
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/hr-13-0/hr-13-0-hr_employee_ppe
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/116/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows you to manage allocation of PPE to your employees.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to have HR module installed or it will be requested during installation.

Usage
=====

To manage PPEs allocation to employees, you will have to populate a list of equipments first.

1. Go to menu *Employees -> PPEs -> Equipments*

Then you can allocate:

1. Go to menu *Employees -> Employees*
2. Select an employee
3. Go to *PPE* tab

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_employee_ppe%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Escodoo

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Eduardo Aparicio <eduardo.aparicio@escodoo.com.br>
* Marcel Savegnago <marcel.savegnago@escodoo.com.br>
* Joao Carassato <joao.carassato@escodoo.com.br>
* Fernando Colus <fernando.colus@escodoo.com.br>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Escodoo - `https://www.escodoo.com.br <https://www.escodoo.com.br>`_

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-marcelsavegnago| image:: https://github.com/marcelsavegnago.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/marcelsavegnago
    :alt: marcelsavegnago
.. |maintainer-eduaparicio| image:: https://github.com/eduaparicio.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/eduaparicio
    :alt: eduaparicio

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-marcelsavegnago| |maintainer-eduaparicio| 

This module is part of the `OCA/hr <https://github.com/OCA/hr/tree/13.0/hr_employee_ppe>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] hr_employee_ppe: adapt it to new module hr_personal_equipment_request

hr_employee_ppe/README.rst, after:

==============================================
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Management
==============================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhr-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/hr/tree/13.0/hr_employee_ppe
    :alt: OCA/hr
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/hr-13-0/hr-13-0-hr_employee_ppe
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/116/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows you to manage allocation of PPE to your employees.
A product can be marked as ppe and additional information as duration and indications can also be added.
If ppe products are selected in a equipment request, a button to print a receipt of PPE will appear.
In addition, a chron will check every day if an allocation has been expired.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to have HR module installed or it will be requested during installation.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_employee_ppe%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Escodoo

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Eduardo Aparicio <eduardo.aparicio@escodoo.com.br>
* Marcel Savegnago <marcel.savegnago@escodoo.com.br>
* Joao Carassato <joao.carassato@escodoo.com.br>
* Fernando Colus <fernando.colus@escodoo.com.br>
* Alba Riera <alba.riera@creublanca.es>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Escodoo - `https://www.escodoo.com.br <https://www.escodoo.com.br>`_
* Creu Blanca - `https://www.creublanca.es <https://www.creublanca.es>`_

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-marcelsavegnago| image:: https://github.com/marcelsavegnago.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/marcelsavegnago
    :alt: marcelsavegnago
.. |maintainer-eduaparicio| image:: https://github.com/eduaparicio.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/eduaparicio
    :alt: eduaparicio

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-marcelsavegnago| |maintainer-eduaparicio| 

This module is part of the `OCA/hr <https://github.com/OCA/hr/tree/13.0/hr_employee_ppe>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
